Clean up Images, Add Syntax Highlighting, Fix Spelling and Grammar (#211)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/pygame-pong/using-repl-it.md

draft: false
---

To build our game, we will use the Pygame library, which provides a set of readymade functionality that we can use to build Pong and its animations.

## Using Repl.it

Today, you will be using Repl.it to build the Pong game.

> If you would like a re-cap on how to use Repl.it, checkout the following Python basics [tutorial](https://workshops.nuevofoundation.org/python-basics/repl-it/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like a re-cap on how to use Repl.it, check out the following Python basics [tutorial](https://workshops.nuevofoundation.org/python-basics/repl-it/)
```
